# Ch25 TDD Patterns
- what is testing?
- when do we need testing?
- what logic for which to test?
- what data for which to test?

## What is a "Test"?
- Test vs Testing
- Merely having a bunch of tests vs Running tests automatically
    - working performance(running out of time) vs work quality(testing is necessary)
    - automation is an answer

## Isolated Test
- Why isolated test?
    - identifying single specific problem for each test
    - order independent tests

- Tests need to be small enough: big chunk tests make it hard to identify any problems

## Test List
- A list of tests is like a to-do list for a programmer
    - If you have it only in your head, you'll forget something or pay less attention to your current work

- Writing a bunch of tests all at once is not a good idea
    - It is hard to refactor the code and the tests at the same time
    - It takes too much time to turn the red bars to the green ones

## Test First
- Writing tests first means less stress from work
- Functionality, design, and scope control: pay-off of testing

## Assert First
- Building a system means we need to think up the functionality
    - The functionality is tested, but from where does this test begin?
    - We begin from `assert`

- Problems need to be solved:
    - placing the functionality
    - naming
    - how to check for the right answer
    - what is the right answer?

- The last two problems could be resolved from the assert-first principle
    - Find the place where you should put down your `assert`

## Test Data
- Use data that makes the test easy to read and follow
    - If there is a difference between data, that should be meaningful
    - Data doesn't have to be many

- Try never to use the same const to mean more than one thing
- Real world data?
    - External data from actual executions
    - Parellel testing(past vs present systems)
    - Refactoring

## Evident Data
- How does the data become evident w.r.t. its intent?
    - Show from your test, the expected and actual behavior of the data
    - Make the test code readable and clear
