# Ch32. Mastering TDD

## How large should your steps be?
- Add a test which requires you one single logic, and a little bit of refactoring
- But you should be able to add some big logic and refactorings: app-level test

## What don't you have to test?
- You should test: conditionals, loops, operations, and polymorphism
- Code from others: but external code needs more sophisticated logic of your own

## How do you know if you have good tests?
- Bad tests:
    - Setup: long setup code, setup duplication
    - Runtime: long running tests(usually from design problems)
    - Fragile tests: a part of the code seriously affects another => design problem

## How does TDD lead to frameworks?
- If you build a framework, then a set of tests act as the design
- TDD allows the framework to behave in variations

## How much feedback do you need?
- This is something you have to decide
- But remind of your goal: MTBF(Mean Time Between Failures) needs to be short enough, so that  
you can make your progress much smoother
- TDD is for getting confidence in your code

## When should you delete tests?
- > Never delete a test if it reduces your confidence in the behavior of the system
- If two tests explains different things, leave them

## How do the programming language and environment influence TDD?
- It is language independent matter!

## Can you test drive enormous systems?
- The size of a system is irrelevant
- Rather, TDD reduces duplicates, so that each module becomes small
- Those modules pass individual tests

## Can you drive development with application-level tests?
- What about writing tests at a user's level?
- Technical problem: fixturing(features not yet available)
- Before implementation begin, write app-level tests: not an easy one
- Kent Beck: stick to the programmer's level's TDD

## How do you switch to TDD midstream?
- Not easy
    - Code design is not for easy testing

- Start with easy, isolated parts
- You can't write tests for the whole system: no progress in the functionality

- From where do we start?
    - Choose the part from which you can get a feedback in any form
    - Refactoring first for such parts

## Who is TDD intended for?
- For those who want to code better: clean code , clean design, less defects

## Is TDD sensitive to initial conditions?
- Well, it is not clear... It depends...

## How does TDD relate to patterns?
- Reduce repeatable behavior to rules, and apply them
- When you become used to TDD, then you can focus on design and patterns
- > TDD is an implementation method for pattern-driven design
    - Pattern(test) comes first, and our design gets evolved

## Why does TDD work?
- Reducing defects: earlier, the better
    - Confidence, trust, teamwork

- Shortened the feedback loop on design decisions: designing between each of testings

## What's with the name?
- Development: updated in short time interval
    - analysis, design, implementation, testing, review, integration, deployment all together

- Driven: "Test"-Driven means always writing test first

- Test: automated, reified, and concrete

## How does TDD relate to the practices of Extreme Programming?
- Yes, surely.

## Darach's Challenge
- Testing GUI, distributed objects, DB schema
- What about developing a language?

